whats up youtube this is my fifth year
stretching video and today I'm just
gonna update on the side of that right
now and tell you a little bit a little
story about how I got to it alright so
I'm at seven 16th right now if you watch
my other videos probably wondering why
I'm at 7 16 10 not double zero ok when
we explained with him my story ok I was
at the last video i said i was taking
these 00 bed bugs to get up to double
zero so a teflon tape them for about a
week maybe a week and a half i would do
like one in the morning when I woke up
and then I would do one at night for
went to bed so did I thought I did that
for that week or we can have went to hot
topic and bought bugs about these double
zero double flare black bugs
and for the white silicone tunnels 716
yeah so once i got home from mall I just
decided to put these double play double
zeroes right in so I can show you a
video right now okay so yeah put it in
my life just went in my way too easy
just like that just I was all loosing
like it like pushes it'll fall out
anything no so I felt like if I dating
type activities or run was running or
jumping or anything that would you be
gone I wasted my money so yeah I just
decided to take them out and try to 716
so yeah just took them out of the
packaging bold you have
and as I pushed it through it took me a
while to like get it in because I just
didn't like it was always like no
because of my first time getting
silicone and I was a no just they want
him perfectly and I realized that over
tainted what it's this time and I went
up two sizes I started just don't
already know one I was planning on doing
so yeah my next science is half inch
which was goal I set last video but no
that's not that's not the goal and more
gone even further than that I don't know
where yet I just see I get there okay so
rate comment subscribe and I'll see you
next video
oh boy like that
like they're linking face oh yeah
black and white even a small one